README.md, before:

# Welcome to williamgeorgecook.com
This is a spot where you can find out what I'm up to.

## Background
I used to be in the photo and video business, and thusly had a pretty bulky Wordpress site with loads of image carusels and things I didn't need anymore. During my [Grow With Google sponsored Udacity Nanodegree program](https://www.udacity.com/grow-with-google) I decided I'd learned enough to build my own website. This is the fruit of my labor.

## Technology Stack
Written in HTML/CSS with modal functionality from Javascript. No jQuery or CSS preprocessing. I did not use any front end frame work. This can be downloaded and served with any web server or uploaded to a hosting site like [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/) without worrying about any server functionality.

### Limitations
As a vanilla product, it comes with some limitations that frameworks aim to solve. I have to manually update UI whenever I want to change something. Everything is pretty well statically set. In the future, I would like to add a data store and keep relevant project details as well as my bio. That way, I don't need to edit pages directly to add or modify that information. React or Angular are what I am now familiar with, and are excellent candidates.

## Google fonts
All the curly bits are [Pacifico](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Pacifico).

## Making your own webpage and contributing
I intentionally made this open source. Please, feel free to clone this repo and replace my information with your own. This is easily hostable on Github pages as mentioned above and can be a perfect starting website for those wanting to learn HTML,CSS, and vanilla JavaScript. If you find a bug, have a comment, or want to know how a specific piece of code works, please use the contact link on the page! Just please remember to keep your page open source as well.

## License
This repo is licensed under the MIT open source license. Please see `license` for full text.

Commit message:

Updated readme with info on Angular site

README.md, after:

# Welcome to williamgeorgecook.com
This is a spot where you can find out what I'm up to.

## Background
I used to be in the photo and video business, and thusly had a pretty bulky Wordpress site with loads of image carusels and things I didn't need anymore. During my [Grow With Google sponsored Udacity Nanodegree program](https://www.udacity.com/grow-with-google) I decided I'd learned enough to build my own website. This is the fruit of my labor.

## Technology Stack
Written in HTML/CSS with modal functionality from Javascript. No jQuery or CSS preprocessing. I did not use any front end frame work. This can be downloaded and served with any web server or uploaded to a hosting site like [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/) without worrying about any server functionality.

### Limitations
As a vanilla product, it comes with some limitations that frameworks aim to solve. I have to manually update UI whenever I want to change something. Everything is pretty well statically set. To solve this issue, I created a version of this site in Angular 6. You can find that project [here](https://www.github.com/wgeorgecook/ng-personal-website).

## Google fonts
All the curly bits are [Pacifico](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Pacifico).

## Making your own webpage and contributing
I intentionally made this open source. Please, feel free to clone this repo and replace my information with your own. This is easily hostable on Github pages as mentioned above and can be a perfect starting website for those wanting to learn HTML,CSS, and vanilla JavaScript. If you find a bug, have a comment, or want to know how a specific piece of code works, please use the contact link on the page! Just please remember to keep your page open source as well.

## License
This repo is licensed under the MIT open source license. Please see `license` for full text.
